python/docs/trees/README.md, before:

# Trees
<!-- Short summary or background information -->

## Challenge

Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the node, the left child node, and the right child node.

Create a Binary Tree class
Define a method for each of the depth first traversals:
- pre order
- in order
- post order
Each depth first traversal method should return an array of values, ordered appropriately.

Create a Binary Search Tree class
This class should be a sub-class (or your languages equivalent) of the Binary Tree Class, with the following additional methods:
- Add
Arguments: value
Return: nothing
Adds a new node with that value in the correct location in the binary search tree.

- Contains
Argument: value
Returns: boolean indicating whether or not the value is in the tree at least once.

## Approach & Efficiency
<!-- What approach did you take? Why? What is the Big O space/time for this approach? -->

## API
<!-- Description of each method publicly available in each of your trees -->

Commit message:

updated README, completed binary tree methods, started add method in binary search tree and contains method in binary search tree.

python/docs/trees/README.md, after:

# Trees
<!-- Short summary or background information -->

## Challenge

Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the node, the left child node, and the right child node.

Create a Binary Tree class
Define a method for each of the depth first traversals:
- pre order
- in order
- post order
Each depth first traversal method should return an array of values, ordered appropriately.

Create a Binary Search Tree class
This class should be a sub-class (or your languages equivalent) of the Binary Tree Class, with the following additional methods:
- Add
Arguments: value
Return: nothing
Adds a new node with that value in the correct location in the binary search tree.

- Contains
Argument: value
Returns: boolean indicating whether or not the value is in the tree at least once.

## Approach & Efficiency
Version 1.0 - Nov 19, 2022, implemented pre-order method in binary tree class.
Version 2.0 - Nov 21, 2022, implemented in-order and post-order methods in binary tree class.
<!-- What approach did you take? Why? What is the Big O space/time for this approach? -->

## API
<!-- Description of each method publicly available in each of your trees -->
